PMM-9562 warning public IP address Kubernetes (#720)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/using/dbaas.md

### Add a Kubernetes cluster

!!! caution alert alert-warning "Caution"

>     Ensure that you set the <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> *Configuration* → <i class="uil uil-setting"></i> *Settings* → *Advanced Settings* before creating a Kubernetes cluster. Otherwise, PMM would not monitor this cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ensure that you set the <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> *Configuration* → <i class="uil uil-setting"></i> *Settings* → *Advanced Settings* before creating a Kubernetes cluster. Otherwise, PMM would not monitor database clusters created into this Kubernetes cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: If user doesn't set public address before cluster register there won't be k8s metrics (see this [comment from Nurlan](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-7143?focusedCommentId=290667&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-290667))
And also all DB clusters created from that k8s cluster won't be monitored. 
So I would leave it at "Otherwise, PMM would not monitor this cluster and related DB clusters properly." or something similar.

Author: properly means it will still monitor. @beatahandzelova I think it should be **Otherwise, PMM would not monitor this cluster and related database clusters."

Please reaffirm...

>     Ensure that you set the <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> *Configuration* → <i class="uil uil-setting"></i> *Settings* → *Advanced Settings* before creating a Kubernetes cluster. Otherwise, PMM would not monitor this cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Ensure that you set *PMM Public Address* under <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> *Configuration* → <i class="uil uil-setting"></i> *Settings* → *Advanced Settings* before creating a Kubernetes cluster. Otherwise, PMM would not monitor this cluster.
```

>     Ensure that you set *PMM Public Address* under <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> *Configuration* → <i class="uil uil-setting"></i> *Settings* → *Advanced Settings* before creating a Kubernetes cluster. Otherwise, PMM would not monitor the database clusters created in this Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 4: database clusters wouldn't be monitored if public address wasn't before creating database cluster.
But we also have monitoring of kubernetes clusters and it requires to set public address before creating.
